Topic 1. (example text)
Since in the contemporary world creativity is equivalent to productivity, it makes good sense to invest in building creative workplace for your staff. First of all, consider adding a relaxation area to your office design. Employees of consulting firm Bain and Company when asked what gravitates them to their firm said it was “light-filled common area with plenty of space to chat over a latte or challenge each other to a quick game of pool”. It should be noted though that relaxation spaces need to be placed as far apart from the working area as possible to keep noises and smells away. It has also been established that creative process has a very substantial subconscious element: sometimes the solution just would not come until you sleep on the task you are solving. This implies that having napping pods in the office might not just reduce employees’ stress but also improve their inventiveness. Finally, no matter how creative your own mind is, you need to exchange ideas with co-workers. Therefore, it may pay off to get employees socially connected, for example, by having them sit at a long table at lunch reshuffling seatmates every day. To sum up, in order to boost your employees’ creativity give them a good chance to relax and encourage interpersonal communication.
 

Topic 2. 
Today lots of students have come up with many ways and methods to memorize material before exams. For example, it may be a deep understanding of a subject throughout the academic year or a simple rote learning of information. I would like to talk about the second option.
On the one hand, rote learning can help you learn quickly when you know for sure that you will not need it in the future, because that uses short-term memory, and that’s why you can forget a formula the very next day after the exam. At the same time, however, the test will be written and the exam will be passed.
On the other hand, if you do this on a permanent basis, our brain gets used to this method and begins to use it in all spheres of activity. Thus, for example, our creativity suffers. After all, the brain is able to just memorize a set of symbols, rather than invent associations to them or look deep into the core of the subject. 
I would also like to note that the rote learning method does not help students to study subjects closely. The student looks at the formula only superficially, without going into the essence. Thus, for example, if he becomes an engineer, he will not be able to practically identify problems, but only apply the formulas that may be (or may not) be suitable. After all, he still does not know what this or that "symbol" is responsible for.
In conclusion, I would like to say that I prefer the method of deep study, because this way I understand the subject better, and information remains with me for many years.

Topic 3. 
The idea for the project came to the billionaire when he found himself in traffic jams from his Bel Air villa to the SpaceX offices. He tweeted that he was going to build a tunnel to take transport subterranean. it seemed like a joke but Shortly afterwards, Musk founded the Boring Company. After two years the test tunnel under SpaceX headquarters in Hawthorne was completed.
Measuring 2.3 kilometers long and 4.3 meters wide, the test tunnel have cost $10 million. the Boring Company has envisioned technology that would simultaneously dig the hole, move the dirt out and recycle it into bricks. because the dirt accounts for around 15 percent of the cost of boring holes, it make tunneling more cost-effective.
Because of strict construction standards and regulations in California, was period of settling regulatory issues. As a result, all was behind schedule. On the day of the grand opening, however, all employees tried to create a carnival atmosphere. employees escorted journalists and a crowd of VIP guest into an area referred to as the Pit, where they hopped into a Tesla X and made the test run into the narrow, all-white tunnel. Just a couple of minutes and an elevator carried each car up into a residential back alley.
Several cities have interest in his project – Chicago hopes provide a high-speed road between O’Hare airport and downtown. However, many  in Chicago express don’t believe to Musk’s vows to complete the project during a few years. He wants to transform the transportation system and eventually send around 4,000 cars per hour through each tunnel.
 
Topic 4
Most adults struggle to recall events from their first few years of life and how scientists have identified exactly when these childhood memories fade and are lost completely. According to a new study into childhood amnesia (the loss of early childhood memories), it occurs at around the age of seven. Most three-year-olds have a vivid memory of events from over a year earlier and these memories survive while they are five and six, but by the time they are over seven most children have little or no recollect of these earlier years. And while children are growing up they can remember less and less delails of their past. 
At seven, children can analyse events more clearly and have a better understanding of time and place. This means that they store memories in a more effective way and in more presise detail, and it is easier to access these memories in later life. However, memories involving deep emotion can survive childhood amnesia. For example it can be a great happiness or fear, emotions of moments that include high level of pain. 
 
 
Topic 5
In 1960s Roger Sperry discovered that different parts of the human brain are responsible for different functions. Yet media along with popular psychologists decided to take scientist's findings a step further, and thus the myths about left- and right-brained people emerged.
 It is easy to find many online quizzes dedicated to determining your dominant hemisphere as well as self-help books, training courses and apps promising to develop certain skills and, essentially, turn a person into left-brained or right-brained one according to their needs. However, neuroscientists never supported or accepted the theory underlying these products in the first place. According to the research carried out at the University of Utah, there is no evidence supporting the idea that one of the hemispheres could be dominant.
The truth is that even though different parts of the brain are responsible for different functions, left and right parts of the brain are active simultaneously most of the time. Various processes such as language skills or mathematical abilities heavily rely on many different aspects of cognition, which are not limited to one hemisphere.
Despite all the arguments against the theory, is it possibly have survived for many years due to our species' desire to assign labels and simplify the truth. Thus this belief is unlikely to perish any time soon.
 
Topic 7
The idea of hypnopaedia or sleep-learning i. e. learning new information during sleep, is often found in science fiction as well as other literature. But is it possible to memorize new information during unconsciousness?
Early researches thought that sleep is similar to a hypnotic state, hence it is possible to learn new information by listening to audio recordings during sleep. Inventors had been selling devices based on this false premise. However, in the 1950s the science behind this method was debunked using electroencephalography. It turned out that people were awake whilst listening to the recording. This discovery halted researches of sleep as a cognitive tool for nearly fifty years.
But in 2007 Bjorn Rasch, as well as his colleagues reported the groundbreaking discovery: they tagged information about the object's location on a grid by an odour cue. Exposing participant to this cue during slow-wave sleep improved their recall. Other researches later discovered that other stimuli, for instance, sound, could be used as well.  This technique is called Targeted Memory Reactivation (TMR). Nonetheless, scientists do not still understand the full capabilities of TMR. Further research is required to figure out how to use it most effectively and which memories can be reactivated.
Even though hypnopaedia per se is not possible, the novel technique of TMR could be used to solidify newly acquired knowledge during one's slumber.
 
Topic 8
Currently, there are two different trends regarding housing and living. While some people prefer to live alone, others are forming small communities with shared property. I would like to discuss these two phenomena.
On the one hand, there is a drastic increase in the number of people who prefer living in solitude. According to recent research, the number of households with single resident skyrocketed from 153 million in 1996 to more than 300 million currently. Living independently is especially popular in Sweden, the UK and Germany. However, this seems to be a global trend with the fastest growth in a one-person household are China, Brazil and India.
On the other hand, in many countries and particularly in Northern Europe, something called co-housing in growing in popularity.
Co-housing is a community of private homes with various shared facilities,  such as heating, laundry, gardens and entertainment space. Basically, the co-housing community resembles an old-fashioned village, where everyone knew each other, denizens were spending time together and shared certain properties.
I believe that both processes are happening due to an increase in people's ability to acquire their own property. I believe that there is no inherently better way of living, as different options suit different people.
 
Topic 9
The Boryeong Mud Festival is an annual festival which takes place during the summer in Boryeong, a town around 200 km south of Seoul, South Korea. The first Mud Festival was staged in 1998 and, by 2007, the festival attracted 2.2 million visitors to Boryeong.[1]
The mud is taken from the Boryeong mud flats, and trucked to the Daecheon beach area, where it is used as the centrepiece of the 'Mud Experience Land'.[2] The mud is considered rich in minerals and used to manufacture cosmetics. The festival was originally conceived as a marketing vehicle for Boryeong mud cosmetics.
Although the festival takes place over a period of around two weeks, it is most famous for its final weekend, which is popular with Korea's western population. The final weekend of the festival is normally on the second weekend in July.
In 1996 a range of cosmetics was produced using mud from the Boryeong mud flats. The cosmetics were said to be full of minerals, bentonites, and germaniums, all of which occur naturally in the mud from the area.
In order to promote these cosmetics, the Boryeong Mud Festival was conceived. Through this festival, it was hoped people would learn more about the mud and the cosmetics.
For the period of the festival several large attractions are erected in the seafront area of Daecheon. These include a mud pool, mud slides, mud prison and mud skiing competitions. Colored mud is also produced for body painting. A large stage is erected on the beach, which is used for live music, competitions and various other visual attractions.
A small market runs along the seafront selling cosmetics made using the mud from Boryeong. Various health and beauty clinics offer massages, acupuncture and other treatments utilising the medicinal qualities of the mud. The festival is closed with a large firework display.
 
Topic 10
Gentrification is a general term for the arrival of wealthier people in an existing urban district, a related increase in rents and property values, and changes in the district's character and culture. 
Many aspects of the gentrification process are desirable. Who wouldn't want to see reduced crime, new investment in buildings and infrastructure, and increased economic activity in their neighborhoods? The increase in median income will be followed by decline in crime rates, as people with low income are more likely to radicalize or criminalize.
The economic effects of gentrification vary widely, but the arrival of new investment and new spending power usually result in significant increased economic activity. The development of intututions, new shops and restaurants, and new, higher-wage jobs are often part of the picture. 
Previous residents may benefit from some of this development, particularly in the form of service sector, but much of it may be out of reach to all but the well-educated newcomers. Local shops may lose their audience under pressure from posh boutiques and restaurants.
Change in every aspect is an essential feature of urban life. But change nearly always involves winners and losers, and low-income people are rarely the winners. The effects of gentrification vary widely with the particular local circumstances. Residents, community development corporations, and city governments across the country are struggling to manage these inevitable changes to create a win-win situation for everyone involved.
 
Topic 11
// ...
As it was discussed in the home reading task, in big cities people communicate with each other more, and that's why they can more easily find people with common interests. And eventually people become more productive. Also when people live as close to each other as it is in large megalopolises, people consumpt less energy, less water and so on, because the distribution system works more effective. On the other hand, when people do leave near each other, they produce more emissions per unit area. That leads to serious diseases, mainly lung and heart ones. All in all, every man or women can choose his or her place of leaving, keeping in mind all its pros and cons.
